Lilliana Robinson: Monica, why don't you go first? st Since you have a hard stop, everyone else. You can drop your names in the chat, and we'll just do a volunteer queue.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, can you hear me?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): it takes 10 years and 1 billion dollars to get a new drug approved by the FDA. However, once the drug is approved, it starts creating revenue for small pre-revenue pharma companies. The 1st drug approval is existential for large pharma companies. One drug approval can lead to the addition of 250 billion dollars of market cap, as happened with Eli Lilly recently, the longest and most expensive component of drug
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): is a multi-stage clinical trial process. As we increasingly test drugs in complex rare diseases and specific patient populations. The clinical trials themselves are only getting longer and pricier. I'm Monica Roy, founder of Seascape clinical. I worked in Pharma for 20 years, so know the space well. My company's Sas platform automates, the entire clinical trial
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): from workflows to reporting. To compliance. This leads to faster trials and yes, faster drug approvals. Global trial spend was 80 billion dollars last year. If you'd like to help make the spend more impactful. We invite you to invest in us.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that was 1, 0 1. I loved your pace. I forgot to say Troy. At this point. We do have objectives for Demo day as a whole. Would you like them to share it with you?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So what would be great would be, and are we just doing the 60 min pitch? The 60 second pitch
Troy Henikoff (he/him): today?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, but they do have ideas for the others.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So it would be great if, before you started. Say the objective of my pitch of the order in which you're going, and what the objective of each section is would be helpful. But, Monica, I thought that was very good. The the piece that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the only piece that I'd question about
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it was interesting. So let me just go through my thought process. It felt a little long in the middle, like, yeah, I get it. Drug. This is expensive and time consuming.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But then you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): when you said we have the Sas platform that makes it less expensive and less time consuming. That was sort of the payoff like, oh, that thing that I got hit over the head with 10 times. That's what you're doing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I thought that was good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Your lab. What was your last sentence? There was a word in there that was a little awkward for me.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Oh, if you'd like to help make the spend more impactful, we invite you to invest in us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, that that didn't hit for me like I feel like you just did. You know a a gymnastics routine on the uneven bars? And then you went to hit the landing, and you kind of just blew
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like that wasn't a punchy landing. I want you to have a punchy landing make the spend more impactful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't think that's the job to be done right. Isn't the job to be done that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): your
Troy Henikoff (he/him): software? I'm picturing
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that your Sas software
Troy Henikoff (he/him): reduces the time to market, reduces the expense of managing the process so we can get
Troy Henikoff (he/him): drugs faster
Troy Henikoff (he/him): at a lower cost.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Is that right?
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, that was often for investors like, Hey, do you want to be part of changing drug development for the better kind of.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So imagine if you closed with something like, if you want to help
Troy Henikoff (he/him): better drugs come to market faster at a lower cost. Come, see me.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right cause. That's really what you're doing. You're helping drugs come to market
Troy Henikoff (he/him): better at a lower cost. And, by the way, if they believe that they're like, oh, all the big companies are gonna want this thing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because if they can do it faster to lower cost, they're gonna want this thing. So you're kind of reinforcing the value proposition.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, thanks.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I'll change that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): No, I thought that was good. Think about. Listen to the recording, and think about like was the beginning a little too long.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like. Where cause you repeated how long and costly and long and costly. But maybe you know what? That's the pain. Here's the payoff.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We're solving that problem. Maybe it's worth it.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. Thanks. Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you want to share what the purpose of each of your sections are, Monica, to give some context?
Lilliana Robinson: I want each of you to serve. So what's the objective of 3? And which one's going? 1st picture video.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I think pitch will go first.st Video gets into more technicalities of the product. But the purpose of this was just to attract investors, not trying to approach clients or anything like that.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So just to appeal to investors, show them the size of the market. Show them that this is a real pain point, and that our solution solves something, a problem that's a gating revenue.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then what are you doing with the debt? With the
Troy Henikoff (he/him): video.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): But the video, it goes like one level video.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, so it's like one level below to show a little bit more of the specific benefits that the client can experience without getting too technical. But exactly how we make things faster, like at a higher level.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): let me try to say this differently, we're gonna do the video first, st then the sorry we're gonna do the pitch first, st then the video, then the QA in the video, we're trying to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): communicate to investors that this is a really big problem with a lot of money behind it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and that we have a solution that makes it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): faster and less expensive to come to market
Troy Henikoff (he/him): with the video, we want to show them 3 reasons that this actually helps them
Troy Henikoff (he/him): come to market faster and less expensively.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): It'd be really concrete. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And in the Q&A,
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we have a series of common objections that we get that we're gonna sell into so that they walk away, thinking, wow, this is someone I want to talk to.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yup, exactly. That's a plan.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): all right. Who's next?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, let's move on to Dave. Evil genius.
Dave Scott: Oh, hello! Hello! Hello!
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Dave, start by answering the questions I put in the chat.
Dave Scott: Yeah, hey, joy?
Dave Scott: So I'm gonna start with the script then head to the video and then go to the Q&A the script is really sort of an overview focusing primarily on the the pain points and the size of the industry. And so.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm gonna ask you guys to say this differently. So I don't want to know what it is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I want to know what you want to achieve with it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So the objective of the
Troy Henikoff (he/him): pitch is to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right. I want to understand the objective of each section.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And I want you thinking about that, because I think that will help you do a better job if you understand what the outcome you're trying to drive is
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right. So, as an example, people say, I want to use the video to show people my, how easy my product, I want to show pro my product like, no, that's not an objective show. Your product.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like the objective, may be to show that it's an easier product to use than the competition and objective may be to show that it has deeper like. There has to be a success objective that the audience will be like, oh, I get it light bulb.
Dave Scott: Well, I want them to walk away obviously enthusiastic about my business, but I think the 3 things I want them to take away are the size of the industry.
Dave Scott: the pain that we're solving, and the traction that we've had.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Awesome. So your pitch is size of industry, pain that you're solving and traction. You have.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Dave Scott: And then what do you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Doing with the video.
Dave Scott: Yeah, the 1 min video is really focused around the customer journey. Because I want to really show a day in the life of how a customer is actually using the product because I want them to walk away and understand how
Dave Scott: intense my community is.
Dave Scott: And how important the community is to the whole success of the business.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So the second part was more important to me than the first.st So the video is gonna showcase how intense this community is and how they will get behind a product like this and drive it forward.
Dave Scott: Yeah, and also sort of prove how this is gonna become a viral
Dave Scott: a viral growth business. By by the way, that this business interacts. And by the way, my customers interact with my product.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay. And then what are you doing with the QA. What's the biggest thing you need to accomplish in the QA.
Dave Scott: So
Dave Scott: one is, I'm double downing on the intensity of the community.
Dave Scott: I'm really focusing on venture sized returns, because that's a big
Dave Scott: issue that I've had with a lot of my pitches so far. Is is this a hobby business, or can it get to picture size? Returns
Dave Scott: and then my, my ask is going to be focused around, obviously for fundraising. But then, also, really just like recruiting for the community. I'd love to hear people's personal stories about how they've interacted with this hobby
Dave Scott: themselves or someone they know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Got it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): all right. Let's hear it.
Dave Scott: Okay.
Dave Scott: Thanks to shows like stranger things, tabletop role-playing games like dungeons and dragons, are as popular as ever.
Dave Scott: Over a hundred 50 million gamers in an industry growing faster than video games. Sit down each week with friends and family to throw dice.
Dave Scott: But then Covid changed the way. This 50 year old game was played
Dave Scott: forcing people to play it online.
Dave Scott: Running an online game can be painful.
Dave Scott: That takes 4 more technologies just to pull off.
Dave Scott: I'm Dave Scott, founder of evil genius games
Dave Scott: a single platform for building and playing tabletop Rpgs with your friends.
Dave Scott: family, and fellow gamers.
Dave Scott: Our platform allows players and their friends to build online adventures or play professionally made adventures based on popular movie franchises.
Dave Scott: Today we have over 35,000 customers
Dave Scott: who have left over 100, over 1,005 star reviews for our games.
Dave Scott: and we're a path on a path to generate 2 million dollars in sales.
Dave Scott: We believe that we've created the perfect solution to make stranger things feel more familiar than ever.
Lilliana Robinson: 5, 1 0, 5.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, I think it's good. I think you have the opportunity to clarify some things. So let me give you a concrete example. You said on the path to 2 million dollars in sales.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Do you mean 2 million dollars in arr? Do you mean 2 million dollars in sales for a year. What do you mean by that.
Dave Scott: I mean for 2024.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So then, let's add.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, we're on track for 20. And you're gonna we're on track to end the year with 2 million dollars in sales, like. The reason, I say this is that some entrepreneurs will do things like we've had a total of $500,000 in sales, and it turns out it's over the last 6 years. Right? You might also, if your sales are increasing, are you? Do you have recurring revenue? Are these subscriptions.
Dave Scott: No, no.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): One time, but they're increasing month over month.
Dave Scott: No, not necessarily.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Not necessarily okay. What do you think your run rate is? Gonna be in December?
Dave Scott: Yeah, I mean, we make 50% of our revenue in 4th quarter because of the holidays.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, is it? Is there a way to talk about it where you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and we're gonna end December with
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a run rate of. Anyway, I just want you to have clarity around it. You decide what you're comfortable, but let's have clarity around it. In the in the other. In the beginning you talked about the 150 million people you said 150 million people once and then later on.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But I don't know 2 paragraphs in you said something about
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you said a lot of people have to have to use all these technologies.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Read the second paragraph for me again.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Were you talking about it?
Dave Scott: I said that running an online game can be, Ca, can be painful. Taking 4 more technologies to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Keep going.
Dave Scott: I'm Dave Scott, the founder of eagle genius.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, next.
Dave Scott: Single platform. Our platform allows players
Dave Scott: and their friends to build online adventures or play professionally made adventures.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's where, literally, I would sit drop in the 150 million number. Again, our platform allows those 150 million people
Troy Henikoff (he/him): reinforcing how big the market is those 150 million people to create their online game platform? Blah! Blah! All the stuff you said.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then when you come back to it again. And you say we have 35,000 paying, you know, paying users who've
Troy Henikoff (he/him): who, you know, and we will end the year with over 2 million dollars in revenue like those are. You're trying to hit those numbers again and again, because you want people to walk away, being like damn! This is a big market.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now I hope that in your Q. And A, you're gonna address some of the questions like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Well, wait. 35,000 player people 2 million revenue. How much does this cost? Is this recurring revenue? Is it not? Is it transactional? How do I get paid? What are the margins? What are the like? There's a whole bunch of questions there. You don't have to answer all of them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You want to answer enough of them that people have confidence that like, damn, I got some more questions. I want to go talk to this guy. I gotta talk to Dave
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right.
Dave Scott: Okay, so.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it's coming along. I would fine tune places where you have
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the opportunity to add a word or 2 that will clarify something.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I but I think you're headed in the right direction for sure.
Dave Scott: Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. And every time I see your name I think of the triathlete, you know there was a famous triathlete, Dave Scott, right.
Dave Scott: Yeah, or the Astronaut or the Senator. There's few of us.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I just think of the triathlete.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So we'll go cycling one of these days.
Lilliana Robinson: That's awesome. We do have quite a few cyclers in this group, you know Daniel Lopez, one of Neil's employees from Code Academy.
Lilliana Robinson: Did you ever know him.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, we can.
Lilliana Robinson: He is one of our eirs right now, and they all just went mountain biking like a few of the.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool, alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Saturday after Demo Day. We could do that.
Lilliana Robinson: There you go. If everyone you know is feeling, feeling.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm gonna be there.
Lilliana Robinson: Current, so.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Hi
Kirimgeray Kirimli: so what I want to achieve is that I want to go with pitch 1st and then in the pitch. I want to show them that we are the right people to solve this problem.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and then.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's to stop
Troy Henikoff (he/him): stop. So I just want, I'm gonna take your words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I want to show them that we are the right people to solve this problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What problem?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right? Let's be precise in our use of language.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Go ahead.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I want them to understand the problem. Then I want them to understand that we're the right people to solve the problem during the pitch.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: And then during the video.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: we want them to see a little bit of the product.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I'd like again, I'm gonna I'm sorry with each one of you. I'm trying to pick on something different, so that hopefully everybody will see. Oh, here's what I have. Here's how I should be approaching this. You still didn't tell me anything of use, you said. I want them to see the problem. And I want to tell. I want to show them that we're the right people to solve the problem. What I'd like to hear you say is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I want them to understand that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Rpg gaming is a huge market with 150 million players today, growing a 10% month a year over year, and that we are the right people to solve it because of our experience building XY, and Z, like, I want it more tangible, so that it's easier for you to hit the hit. The mark.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I want our audience to understand that executives have a difficult time. Having in oversight on their organizations. And I want them to understand that we are the right people to
Kirimgeray Kirimli: address this issue as I've been an executive myself.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: then I want them to see.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, that is way. Better. Do you? Does that feel better to you?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: It does. It's it's way more clear.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right. This is an exercise in communication. That's why I'm being such a pain in the ass about it. Sorry.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: No, no, not at all,
Kirimgeray Kirimli: And then I want them to see that there are many other tools.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: But snapshot reviews. Does it differently and better.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Then, during the Q. And a.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I want them to see that the way we apply the AI the way we are approaching the problem
Kirimgeray Kirimli: rather than
Kirimgeray Kirimli: just showing random numbers and graphs.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We have a better shot at actually meeting
Kirimgeray Kirimli: executives, technical executives needs
Kirimgeray Kirimli: than every other tool out there. There are about 10 to 15 tools that are more established trying to solve the same problem, competing for the same market, and have a lot more money than we do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, let's hear it.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: As an engineering executive. It's your job to have full visibility across your team, but if you ask any executive they will admit it feels like they're flying blind. I've been there, too.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Having worked my way up to managing over 300 engineers. I know that with each new roll up the ladder comes bigger decisions, but fewer answers. I found that to be a good leader you need both the numbers and the story behind them, especially when reviewing performance, reporting up or answering tough questions on the spot. It's not just about who's hitting target.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: It's about knowing who's really delivering, who needs help. And when key projects will actually get done.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: My name is Karim, and that's why I build snapshot reviews. Unlike other tools that just serve up raw numbers, snapshot dives deeper. Using AI to add clarity and context. We pull data from Github, Jira, and standups to show you who is performing who might need support. And when key projects will be completed.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: snapshot reviews, cuts through the noise to give you real answers, helping you make the right calls and keep your team moving forward.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I.
Lilliana Robinson: 55 seconds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I like it. I feel like you have an opportunity to stick the landing better.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and what I'm looking for when I say stick the landing is, have something in the end
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that says something along the lines of
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the executives who use snapshot reviews are gonna deliver their projects, have a higher chance of delivering their project on time on budget
Troy Henikoff (he/him): making their year. I don't know what the 3rd thing is, but like boom, boom! Like, I want you to stick that landing like. If you're not using snapshot reviews, you are missing out, and you are going to be failing
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? So I I don't know quite what the language is, but I like on time on budget.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You know. Maybe it is. If you want to deliver your projects on time and on Budget.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Come, see me. We'll talk about snapshot reviews
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like that's the value prop, right?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: that's
Kirimgeray Kirimli: yes, but also
Kirimgeray Kirimli: That's where we have a bit of confusion ourselves as well. That's
Kirimgeray Kirimli: one of the value props.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: but not necessarily key value. Keep delivering key projects, is not
Kirimgeray Kirimli: it? It might also just be who's performing, who might need support so like understanding your organization. So the real value prop is actually understanding your organization
Kirimgeray Kirimli: almost being aware.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So how do I make more money by understanding my organization? I thought I make more money by delivering projects on time on budget.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: You fire the right people, you hire the right people, you promote the right people.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and you
Kirimgeray Kirimli: manage your time more efficiently by knowing which team to be involved in, like which project which area to focus on.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: which then eventually does help you deliver the projects faster, and where you make money.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I think at the end of the day, and I steal this from Mert. But he talks about how in b 2 b. There are 3 things you can sell. You can sell more revenue.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): less expense, or less time. Those are the only 3 things you can really sell to a business
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? And so you're not really selling more revenue.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You may or may not be selling less expense. You may be selling less time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but think about. Those are the things that businesses value. Right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I would like love to see you guys get some agreement and clarity around what you think the job to be done is, and the value prop, and I'd love to see you stick the landing
Troy Henikoff (he/him): with the job to be done, because, remember, your buyer
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is going to be. If if your buyer hears the job to be done.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it resonates with them, they're going to be coming to seek you out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so it's a natural filter for you to say, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I I don't know how you want to say it, but you know, if you're having trouble getting your projects done on time on Budget. Come, see me. We can fix that for you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, Crap! I gotta go talk to them like, you know, or if if you don't know which of your engineers are performing properly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know who who deserves a promotion and who deserves to be replaced. Come, talk to me. We'll help you figure that out like I would articulate that job to be done in the end as sort of your ask
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and nail it.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: That makes sense.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I mean, it sounds like I have like 5th 5 seconds
Kirimgeray Kirimli: like we're at 55 seconds. So there's just.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, you could take out a couple of words here and there. You've got a little wiggle room.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but I love pitches where you open up with the problem, and then you nail the job to be done, or solution in the end
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like it. Just it makes it really easy for the audience to to understand and to to resonate with.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and the more specific you are, the better. So when you were, you were specific about managers and and performance. But then, when you opened up in your actual pitch and you talked about engineering man executives, I was like, Oh, this is for engineering executives. I didn't know that from what he had said before.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but it put a finer point on. It made it easier for me to understand.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: That makes sense, I mean, and we could definitely like nail the job to be done with the specific task as well.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yep.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The more clarity people have. And remember, don't try to be everything to everybody, the narrower your wedges into a market, the easier it is to penetrate. And so, you know, you might be able to do a hundred other things. But nail the one you think is most valuable.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Talk about the one you think is most valuable. That's the one that's gonna open the doors.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: That makes sense
Kirimgeray Kirimli: no.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Hello!
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Fabio.
Fabio Caironi: Hey, Troy?
Fabio Caironi: Hello!
Fabio Caironi: So to start off with the questions, so we are, gonna start with our pitch
Fabio Caironi: and then show our video. So the goal for the pitch is to 2 goals. So we want to educate the audience about the problem and and kind of like highlight its size.
Fabio Caironi: So kind of impress the audience about how large of a problem this is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): time out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Were you listening when I was having this interaction just a minute ago with
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Karen.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So what is your problem?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's not enough to say we want to identify the pro, want the audience to resonate with the problem, what problem do you want them to resonate with.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, or east.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Pacific.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah. So let me restart, we want to educate the audience about the surge in computational demand
Fabio Caironi: required by AI applications.
Fabio Caironi: And we want to impress the audience with, you know, some
Fabio Caironi: techniques or some data about its size. So the the 1st goal of the pitch is to
Fabio Caironi: create a tension and a wow effect around. The the size and importance of
Fabio Caironi: AI models.
Fabio Caironi: And then at some point I kick in and say all of this.
Fabio Caironi: Well, I'll I'll pitch it later. But it's gonna be
Fabio Caironi: bringing up the problem of computing power. So after I created a hook, basically, I shift the attention to the computing power. So everything lies on the computing power to run.
Fabio Caironi: And at that point, it's when I start explaining
Fabio Caironi: the benefits of our solution. So how? Easier we make it
Fabio Caironi: to access computing power and how? What makes us stand out so the fact that we tap into a an idle network of devices which makes us better in
Fabio Caironi: a few different ways.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So let me try to put a finer point on it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think you have an opportunity here
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you can talk about.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and you do it in a couple of seconds. But you can talk about the magic of artificial intelligence
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then overwhelm them with just how much compute this is. Gonna take.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Microsoft is talking about buying a nuclear power plant to power the computing process for AI, right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We're never gonna be able to do all the things that are possible.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you take them up on this. AI is amazing. It can, you know, come up with some crazy, great thing that it can do. But we're never gonna see it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): until now.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let me tell you how we are going to tap into the resources of the idle computing power. That's gonna blah blah blah blah. So like I think you have a really good opportunity for a huge hook here.
Fabio Caironi: Absolutely and I took free inspiration from your feedback last time. So you're gonna hear that? Alright? Let's hear it. Okay, cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then what are you gonna do in the in the video? And then what are you gonna do in the QA.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, exactly. We just wanna touch upon that. So the video is to provide more details about the space we're operating in. We discussed this with Liliana in a previous session. But basically we are in like a segment of the cloud computing word. And I don't want us to come across as a general cloud computing provider. So the video will will just dwell into
Fabio Caironi: a quick explanation of what serverless containers are very quick and simple. I will try to make it as simple as possible. But then, hone in on the use cases. So what are the use? Cases where these things called serverless containers currently used for. And then how can byte night
Fabio Caironi: how does back make it unique? To to solve this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So.
Fabio Caironi: Problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So again. You've gone into telling me what you you've described the what
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I want to tell them. You haven't told me what the objective is, what do you want the audience to leave the 1 min video with.
Fabio Caironi: Oh, absolutely they. I want to educate them. I want them to
Fabio Caironi: be aware of the space.
Fabio Caironi: because it's a very
Fabio Caironi: undiscovered space, you know. From the.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So how do we get some emotion around that being aware being educated? Those aren't. Those aren't powerful.
Fabio Caironi: I think I think so. The 1st part is the thrill. So the pitch is the thrill of this. This thing called AI that everybody knows, and then the product is, hey, if you want to get to AI,
Fabio Caironi: you actually have to go through these nerdy things that are called containers and and and serverless compute. And this is very important. So I think the feeling I want to stir up is.
Fabio Caironi: oh, these guys are are nerds. They know how to do this. Oh, there! I don't know. It's it's complicated.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How about this? How about
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I want the pitch to get them excited about the potential. And I want the video to leave them. Feeling confident that we can deliver that potential.
Fabio Caironi: I love. I love the work. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right. And so what that means, though, is that while you will sprinkle some education in there.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you don't want to go down rabbit holes about how containers work. And they're scalable. And they're like, like, you want them to walk away thinking, Damn these guys are smart. They're gonna do this for real.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Q. And A. You can take on the the questions that you've had and the, you know, sell into the objections.
Fabio Caironi: Absolutely. Yeah. The the QA. Will figure it out. But it's mainly about answering who are who is our Icp. The go to market strategy, security and and our questions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So for everybody on the call, I want you to think about what we just did right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): He started by saying something along lines of, I want the pitch to tell them about the problem in our solution. And I want the the video to to show them that educate them. That's not exciting
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But if you have, if you make it about the objective, I want to get them excited about AI. I want to bring them down and tell them it looks like it's impossible. We got to build nuclear power plants. I want to show them that we have a solution that's going to take us to the promised land. And then in the video, I want them to walk away believing that we are the ones who can deliver on that promise.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That's something they're going to get excited about.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so each of you, as you're thinking about your own business, think about
Troy Henikoff (he/him): what are the objectives of each stage of this. And how do you take them on that emotional ride? Because emotion is what they're going to remember.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They're gonna be like, damn! Who is that smart guy in the brown hoodie? I want to go talk to him.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): They're not going to remember the details, but they are going to remember the emotion.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let's hear it.
Fabio Caironi: Call me for Ya.
Fabio Caironi: In the last 24 months we have seen a shift in technology that is bigger than any we've seen before
Fabio Caironi: the advent of artificial intelligence.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, the Internet and cloud computing were big. But this is bigger. It's gonna change the way every application interacts with humans.
Fabio Caironi: And there is a race to get there. It's the access to the computing power.
Fabio Caironi: even provided that you've found a good deal or snapped up some cloud credits, managing computing resources for your AI or data applications is still technically challenging. And most startups can't do that on their own.
Fabio Caironi: That's why, 2 years ago, I founded byte night.
Fabio Caironi: We provide a serverless platform for simple access to application containers, so that each company that wants to utilize cpus and Gpus doesn't have to go through the pain and anguish of trying to set all of this stuff up
Fabio Caironi: using byte night allows them to get from 0 to functional in a bunch of minutes.
Fabio Caironi: and we make it easier, faster, and cheaper than any other cloud. Thanks to tapping into into alternative hardware providers. Let's see it into play.
Lilliana Robinson: One of 7,
Lilliana Robinson: Troy. I don't know if you feel this way, but I honestly think Fabio shouldn't say. 2 years ago he founded by night, I think he should just say he founded by night.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I would probably take the 2 years out. We're looking for trajectory.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I I think you can make it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): more passionate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Along the lines of what I talked about like, you know
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the the maze.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We've all seen the amazing power of AI in the last 2 years. It has changed and have some concrete example. I don't care what it is that everybody can relate to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): whether it's deep fakes, whether it's, you know, whatever it is that AI is doing? You know it's it's it's writing your resume faster, doing your like. It is changing the world.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And it's way bigger than cloud computing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it will have a way bigger impact on us than cloud computing did. And it's even going to have a bigger impact on us than the original Internet did
Troy Henikoff (he/him): fundamentally changes the way we work. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him): there is so much computing power needed that literally, Microsoft is trying to buy a nuclear power plant to power all these computers.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): How will startups compete?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Well, let me tell you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): byte night has made the interface to Major. I'm gonna screw this up, but may have made a major interface to major computing power as easy as connecting to an Api in our serverless platform. We take care of all of it for you so that all you have to do is is connect and run. We make use of excess computing capacity. Blah, blah blah! Let me show you how it works boom.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then you go to the video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Does that feel a little bit more emotional?
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, I like the part where you you try to relate with the audience, with the practical examples.
Fabio Caironi: and the trajectory you think is is the right one. I am. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Now again.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like I said earlier, you have to do something that feels natural to you. Don't try to be me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but if that feels natural to you. Come up with your own examples and deliver it in your own authentic way, and it can be super powerful
Troy Henikoff (he/him): bye.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You can make it more emotional than what you had. I think you can have a emotional hook, and emotional hooks are awesome.
Fabio Caironi: I think I can work that way. But I I gotta think with some of somebody else's mind, because if it were for me I would make it super technical, so I gotta steer away from that.
Fabio Caironi: And and so, you know.
Fabio Caironi: yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): No, I know. So I was an engineer like my undergraduate degree is mechanical engineering, and my graduate degree is in engineering as well. So I am an engineer, and it took me
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a while
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to realize that I don't have to explain everything like an engineer. I can understand it like an engineer, but I can explain it like a marketer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and that's a powerful combination.
Fabio Caironi: Absolutely would love your feedback once. This is at the next version, but thanks for your feedback. So far, great.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Okay. Thanks. Fabio. Next is Collab.
Florence Ettlin: Hi Troy!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Hello!
Florence Ettlin: Hello, so the way that we're planning to organize is first, st the pitch and the purpose is to grab attention, create an emotional tie in terms of pain. Point that guests feel when there's staying at short term rentals. Then we're gonna move over to the demo. Video purpose is to illustrate the host, pain, point so the other side, and introduce Anna and show the benefits of our solution.
Florence Ettlin: And then the Q. And a. The purpose is to address the most frequently asked questions. But primarily it's going to be about okay. Where do we go from today to becoming a venture? Scalable business? How do we differentiate ourselves? And what's our future vision.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Awesome.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Got it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let's hear it.
Florence Ettlin: So imagine you're finally on holiday, excited to be in Mexico and eat those tacos you've been dreaming of. But instead, you struggle to enter your Airbnb. There's no response from the host, and you're left stranded on the street alone at night with your bags
Florence Ettlin: hours later. Finally, inside, you step in for a shower, only to be met with icy water
Florence Ettlin: over 700 million travelers each year face similar frustrations when they can't get timely relevant support.
Florence Ettlin: Meanwhile millions of short-term rental hosts worldwide face constant pressure to be available 24, 7, and manually respond to repetitive guest questions while juggling multiple priorities, ultimately sacrificing their freedom and flexibility.
Florence Ettlin: I'm Talitha, the CEO of Collab, and we created Anna, an AI pocket concierge to handle all guest communication
Florence Ettlin: with Anna Hosts can become superhuman and focus on what matters most improving and growing their business while delivering the guest experience we all seek. So let's see her in action.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I like it?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I wanna steal a little bit from Rhonda. I assume you're
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Do you know, Rhonda, from last cohort, the dentist.
Lilliana Robinson: They all just
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, Burhan. Yeah. So one of the things that he said that was really powerful was that, you know, with Rhonda there's never a busy signal.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You know, there's there's never a a an
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I'm not gonna get it right. He what he basically said is, you know, if you have a dentist
Troy Henikoff (he/him): office with a receptionist. You have one person who can answer the phone once they have to, you know. Take breaks, they go to lunch. They're not there 16 h of the day. And so your patients are left stranded. But with Rhonda there's never a busy signal. Rhonda can handle multiple calls at the same time Rhonda knows everything about every every appointment, etc, etc.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): There's some version of that that I think you should talk about, which will make it sound like your AI. I assume this is where you're headed is actually better at answering most of the questions
Troy Henikoff (he/him): than the host would be.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because your AI doesn't get frustrated, it's always on. It never gets a busy signal. It blah blah like I would like to emphasize the fact that this is not a compromise. This is actually a better solution for the customer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Then having a human pick it up while you know, pick up their cell phone while they're driving with kids screaming in the back, trying to answer a question, and you could make a really vivid you. Your opening was great, right? I pictured myself
Troy Henikoff (he/him): on that dark street in Mexico with my suitcases not being able to get in
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and like, oh, that's a little scary. Now what's gonna happen
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right, and we've all been some version of that, and I think most people relate to it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then I would do something similar. If you have time, which is relate to the fact that the person you're trying to call is literally driving with a car full of screaming kids trying to answer your question without access to the data and
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but not
Troy Henikoff (he/him): our solution.
Florence Ettlin: Alright!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): AI has access, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): No screaming kids, no busy signals, no distractions. Blah blah! And so I'd sell the fact that it's a better solution.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, question, so this is actually exactly what you said is what we were trying to do in our video, which is show the host side. Do you think that? It's important to bring that right away in the pitch? Or do you think it's all right to keep it in the demo. Video. Yeah. Demonstrating, oh, all the priorities they're juggling while they're still trying to answer to those guest questions. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, you have to figure it out where it best fits. So one of the things that I believe is you have a
Troy Henikoff (he/him): portfolio of things you want to accomplish. I want to get people interested in the space I wanna
Troy Henikoff (he/him): them to understand how big a problem and how big the market is I want to understand. I want to understand.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And you have to choose. Which of those things are you going to do in the pitch? Which of those things are you going to do in the video? And which of those things are you going to do in the QA.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And there is no right answer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's up to you, and you have to work with your ear on what what you think is best to put in which part part, I do think it's important to get the attention upfront in the pitch like cause. If you don't, people will zone out, they'll be watching their phones and right. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him): yeah, you could do it either way you could do it in the video. Maybe it's more effective to do it in the video. So maybe you hand off to the video. And the opening video is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, the opening of the video could be that person in Mexico at the front door, trying to frantically dialing and then getting someone who's clearly
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in a car with screen. I'm picturing this car with screaming kids asking questions about do you have the password. I gotta look it up. You gotta wait till I got, you know. Wait till I pull over, because I can't text while I'm driving, and I can't, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): is that the experience you want your
Troy Henikoff (he/him): your guests to have.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): or this, and then you show
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then you show it in action. A nice conversation.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and maybe while you have the conversation going, you could have the human on one side, and on the other side you could have access, show some graphic that shows like access to an infinite database like an infinite calendar.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): instant access to to, you know, key codes for locks, instant access to Wi-fi passwords instant access to.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): there could be a way to communicate that really clearly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, she likes it. I saw that smile.
Florence Ettlin: We like the link. Yeah, from the pitch into the video with Mexico. And like, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, that those are the little details that make these things come to life.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): When there is, there's an Easter egg, or there's something that's in the pitch that is seamlessly brought into the next piece, and then should be asked about potentially, even in the QA.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You know. So maybe.
Florence Ettlin: Thank you so much.
Florence Ettlin: Sorry.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So maybe, like, I'm I'm just making stuff up now. But maybe one of the 1st questions is so. So why are you doing this. Where did this idea come from? And then you say, you know that story in Mexico? That was me.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I was the one standing on the dark street, and I was so frustrated that I thought, there has to be a better way
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like now you've sewn all 3 together.
Florence Ettlin: And I mean.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You've got to be authentic and truthful about what this, but that's what what I'm talking about. If you get. If you sew all 3 together. Then you have a cohesive pitch, and what people don't won't think about it. As these 3 different events, they'll think about it as a continuous story of 3 different mediums.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah. Yeah. And we were even thinking of putting on some like mariachi music at the beginning. And we're coming in to set the scene in Mexico.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, of course.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, you can do whatever walk on music you want. And if you want to set the tone that way, that's fine.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I mean, everybody usually does some sort of pump it up kind of music. So that would be different. Here's 1 of the other things for all of you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You want to stand out
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right. The audience is, gonna watch. How many pitches are they gonna watch.
Florence Ettlin: Well, I'm.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): 12.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, they're gonna watch 12 pitches. And to them these are like 12 startup businesses that all like you. Really, ideally, each of you has something very unique.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it can be
Troy Henikoff (he/him): everything from literally your walk on music. How you talk about it, what you're wearing like we always used to. I don't know if you guys are doing this, little Anna, but we always used to suggest that you guys coordinate so that you each have a different color like, oh, come, talk to us! We're the ones in the bright orange shirts. Come, talk to us. We're the ones in the blue shirts like So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you want to be different
Troy Henikoff (he/him): because you want to stand out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then people are like, Oh, I want to talk to those people in the orange shirts. That's easy to remember, right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So, having different music, not being the traditional like, pump it up kind of music and having music that ties into your story, I think, would play really nicely.
Florence Ettlin: Sounds good. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: That's a very creative idea. I like that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: We're doing like optional T-shirts. Because over the years I've realized some people want to wear like a dress or a suit. So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Totally.
Lilliana Robinson: Wear T-shirts. We already talked about it last week. But what Troy is referencing is try to make sure your T-shirts aren't the same color, because people will associate like you on stage. And they're gonna try to find you. And it's if everyone's wearing blue. It's gonna be really hard to find you. So maybe just start at red or talk to each other and share the colors. Cool.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And at the at the risk of saying something that might offend people I'm not trying to offend. I'm trying to make observations. It seems that women who are pitching tend to be more uncomfortable with the T-shirt, and so a lot of times wear a blazer or something like that. And that's fine, and I've seen a lot of them pull it off where they'll have a blazer over their colored t-shirt.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm trying to think of examples, Lillian, I'm going back to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): A lot of my blinking on names. Yeah. And so.
Lilliana Robinson: We watched Ariana's the mental health one she was doing. She was wearing that. If you guys remember.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. And so you can have the colored T-shirt with your logo on, you know, underneath a nice blazer, and you can wear whatever you want. And then your team is typically wearing that T-shirt, and then that kind of ties it all together. But so not necessary. It's just a way of making it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): visually connecting for the audience, because ideally, they'll be like, Oh, I want to find the people with the pink T-shirts, and I find one of them, and like, where's the person who pitched?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then you connect them
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: All right. Okay. Well, thank you, Collab, that was great. Next is health blocks.
Nirat Attri: Hey! Troy!
Lilliana Robinson: We're halfway done. Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay.
Nirat Attri: Alright. So for us the objective is to be talking to investors and PE firms very similar to what, like Rhonda was doing. We figured out. A market segment for us is indeed PE
Nirat Attri: so what we're starting off is a very big, bold vision during our pitch that this is what we do.
Nirat Attri: and this is what we aim to do. And then we want that to flow in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Hold on!
Nirat Attri: Who are.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Just did.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Why are you all doing this? Your words were.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we want to start our pitch by saying, This is what we do, and this is what we want to do. I have no idea what you're trying to accomplish.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Think about those words. This is what we want to do, and this is how we do it, or whatever you said, give me specifics. Make your objective as specific as possible. It will help you
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to nail your objective. You have something in your head. You just haven't communicated it well enough to me.
Nirat Attri: I'm sorry for that, like in my head like actually spelled it out. But then I forgot to say,
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right? Right? This is, it's it is amazing. So you know, this whole thing is a communication exercise. And hopefully, you're each learning from each other. But let's get really specific about the objective. Alright.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): do it again.
Nirat Attri: So in our pitch, we're positioning ourselves as the all in one healthcare platform, and we want to tease the fact that there are competitors that are operational in these verticals. So we have the objective to signal to our investors, potential investors that this is a big market segment that we're going after. And there is existing competition. That's just very vertical specific. But by positioning ourselves by going
Nirat Attri: broad and being able to tackle all those verticals, we are a better investment. That would be the intent. When we go into our product video, we want to showcase that this is not just theoretical. We are actually doing it by using the a very tangible customer example and walking through that entire journey. And making sure that we showcase that what we have achieved by doing the things that we have done for them. And then, during the Q. And a. The idea would be to get deeper into
Nirat Attri: these verticals, and like what has actually happened in the industry and like break it down a lot more. So the excitement is capitalized that it's not. We're not just talking theory that we are operational in these market segments. We're actually delivering value in those market segments. And then, perhaps become a good investment opportunity for the people. There.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Got it all right. Let's hear it.
Nirat Attri: But
Nirat Attri: healthcare has a 500 billion dollar efficiency problem.
Nirat Attri: Doctor offices are spending hours doing tasks that could be automated.
Nirat Attri: The root cause. Patient data doesn't transfer easily from one system to another.
Nirat Attri: At the same time, new technology is constantly being added to solve healthcare challenges with little regard to how it will fit into the ecosystem operationally.
Nirat Attri: Hi, I'm neerat atri and I build health blocks, a 1-stop platform that automates all aspects of the healthcare journey right into the existing health record system.
Nirat Attri: say goodbye to time, consuming expensive customized tech, and say hello to plug and play modules that configure easily with Lego like ease.
Nirat Attri: giving you an all-in-one platform that is cost efficient revenue, generating, flexible, and has interoperability baked in
Nirat Attri: finally, healthcare innovation and come at the cost of tech complexity.
Nirat Attri: Here's a glimpse of what we have achieved so far.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that was 55 seconds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I am really skeptical when someone says they're going to solve all my problems.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I would like a little more specificity, I think. What you mean is that you have a universal translator, and we talked about this last time with Hl. 7. And right, you have some sort of universal translator. But you're not solving all the healthcare problems
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? And and how will you so?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And I just want to be intellectually honest about this right? So if I have some antiquated Ehr?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And you have some digital X-rays or Mris.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you can't put those into my Ehr. If the Ehr doesn't have a way to capture images
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right like there, there are. Gonna be some limits. You can't do everything for everybody. Correct.
Nirat Attri: the theory behind it. What we have achieved so far is we are working with a lot of these legacy systems, and we're leveraging the Apis that they do extend so typically an Mr. Like an MRI would not be
Nirat Attri: editable inside of that. Ehr? But what you could do is have a document that's injected, and then has an outbound that opens up the that opens up the help blocks platform where you can do with the whatever things that your Ehr is actually missing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Then you're not just.
Nirat Attri: At least.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I had thought you were actually taking data and stuffing it into the Hr. But you're also you have some sort of a viewer or something that will let you review that stuff.
Nirat Attri: The the idea is that that's step one. What the health blocks platform is doing. These modules are actually the ones that are fulfilling the deficit within the Ehr that you're currently on that is preventing you to have a holistic.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So let me ask a question.
Nirat Attri: And.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What if? And I don't know if I'm pitching this correctly. But what if I pitched your business by saying
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The Federal Government in the Us. Dictated that every
Troy Henikoff (he/him): doctor's office has to have an electronic health care record.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And yet, even with all this automation, billions of dollars is wasted with humans trying to type information into those
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we have created a universal translator that can take
Troy Henikoff (he/him): anybody's output from any lab X-ray testing Xyz giggle, snort, whatever it is and input it into any Ehr automatically, without humans having to intervene.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And that same data will appear right on the Hr record.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are eliminating the manual data in doctor's offices.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): reducing healthcare, spend by billions of dollars. Let me show you how it works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Is that what you're doing.
Nirat Attri: I mean, it's just like one piece of the puzzle. The problem that we have is like to be very honest. The idea is that this is not new, like the interoperability. Thesis by itself is not something that sells really well, but the fact that we are able to empower the doctor to do more with this. Ehr? I feel that is the core.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The doctor doing more. One example.
Nirat Attri: So one of our clinics is like a multi practice is like a multi practice clinic group. It's by the same ownership. They're in different geographies, and they cater to 10 different partnerships. What they want to do is like have a very bespoke way of dealing with
Nirat Attri: each of these referral channels and then have a different way of processing the the referral channel depending upon what their contractual obligation with each of these referral channels is. So using our platform, what they're able to do is customize the intake on each of these referral pathways, and then we're able to
Nirat Attri: keep a track of that through the Ehr while the patient's journey is being conducted within the Ehr. And then we're able to relay this information back to the referral partner, because previously, that step was entirely manual for them, so they would.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Do you have like? Do you have these live.
Nirat Attri: Yes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay. So 2 things, I I think. And I don't know enough about your business. One is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it's okay in your pitch
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to oversimplify. To make your point
Troy Henikoff (he/him): as an example. When I did my financial modeling for all you guys I oversimplified. I had churn as a single number. I had marketing as a single number, and I
Troy Henikoff (he/him): later on, once you got far enough along the path, you said, Oh, wait a minute. Marketing should change over time. I'm like, yeah, I oversimplified. But now you got it right? So it's okay to oversimplify in a 1 min pitch. You can't explain the world in 1 min pitch. But you could leave an Easter egg for you to pick up later.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): For example, if you did the thing that I just said about, you know inefficiencies in office billions of dollars. We're the universal translator, we do all that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we're already saving doctors, offices, millions of dollars a year with our platform with our live platform.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then in the Q. And A, you have someone who says, Wait a minute.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You mentioned. You're saving millions of dollars. How are you doing that? You say? Oh, let me give you one simple example. We have this chain of clinics that has multiple referral routes, and they have to. They have to customize how they, how they treat the referral routes, or how they bill them. And with one little customized module we're able to integrate all of that into their Hr. And save them to an estimated 2 million dollars a year.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Awesome. So you're starting out high, level, oversimplifying, but getting taking people along the journey.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then, as you go on the journey, and they've digested that you can add more complexity if you try to add too much complexity right off the bat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's overwhelming.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Does that make sense.
Nirat Attri: So that would be the skepticism like, because when we talk about like solving everything that come like, we haven't gone into the depth of anything is that the problem with the opening? Would that would be.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I would. I would take out words like every problem, all problems. Nobody believes a startup is gonna solve any industries, all their problems
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like. And so by starting with something that every that people can relate to and know is a problem, and then diving into. For example, we save millions of dollars by having a little module. Does this thing with referrals, whatever you explained really well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like. Oh, I get it!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Damn that thing's powerful!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And you said, live customer already saving the millions without like. You're adding credibility and traction
Troy Henikoff (he/him): just by adding that word live customer. Let me show you how we showed our live customer millions of dollars a year.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's not a we're going to it's a, we did
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and you can extrapolate a little bit. They haven't been on board for a year, but they save $50,000 the 1st month, and
Troy Henikoff (he/him): whatever.
Nirat Attri: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Would allow you to have that story. Plant the Easter egg in the in the pitch.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You'll do your video, explain stuff, and then you can pick it up again, whether you picked it in the video or you pick it up again in the QA. And it makes a a thread that makes it all cohesive.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Got it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): awesome.
Nirat Attri: Work on it like I'll be redoing it. And then we can talk. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Great Morgan, you ready?
Morgan Stanton: I am.
Morgan Stanton: I started the book with sticky ideas. It's haunting some of those stories.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): To stick.
Morgan Stanton: Yes, it makes sense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Good. Yeah. Yeah.
Morgan Stanton: It's very good recommended to to everyone else.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Gives you an idea of how to communicate these ideas. Better right.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah
Morgan Stanton: it. It influenced my pitch a bit. So for demo day I want to start with the pitch, and so
Morgan Stanton: the goal is to for the whole demo day is to get, you know, investors starting to talk with us right? General investors, not just biotech, but maybe people also interested in social impact investing. And so for the pitch, our specific goals are to say, you know, that women's health is neglected in biotech and pharma. It's been a problem for a while, and because of that there is a loss of money in the industry
Morgan Stanton: to follow that up. Opal is here to give science and services and tools to address that neglect and help biotech and pharma play, catch up.
Morgan Stanton: and then to tease a little bit of our science, right? I want to go in depth, but just kind of very high level tease the science.
Morgan Stanton: This would feed into our video of kind of how did we get to this problem?
Morgan Stanton: It's a modern problem. A lot of people think people think it's an old problem, olden times. But no, it's a modern problem here today.
Morgan Stanton: and then to bring back the science of, we tease at the beginning. And now here's some more specific examples. Here's clients that are using this science, and like what it looks like at a high level, so they can kind of be more tangible. It's not just something in the air of science and the the Q. And a. Is to talk about the company's future, how it grows. And then, like, what assets do we have? What is our kind of moat as a biotech company to move forward.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Hey! Let's hear it.
Morgan Stanton: Exploring the deep blue sea.
Morgan Stanton: the great unknown
Morgan Stanton: quotes from famed oceanographer, Jacques Cousteau.
Morgan Stanton: No, these are statements from people describing women's gynecological health.
Morgan Stanton: despite a market of over 180 billion, there's still a huge knowledge gap in our understanding of female reproductive biology causing costly failures in the medical development pipeline
Morgan Stanton: with 92% of drugs failing clinical trials, biotech and pharma are starting to realize the need for better tools in women's health.
Morgan Stanton: And that's exactly where opal therapeutics comes in
Morgan Stanton: at Opal. We're building a biotech platform that truly represents human female biology. No mice or rats, only human biology.
Morgan Stanton: Unlike rodents that don't even have a menstrual cycle. Our platform uses human derived data that delivers accurate, translatable metrics for women's health.
Morgan Stanton: Our uterus and a dish platform uses cell-based models that closely replicate the female reproductive system.
Morgan Stanton: enabling us to screen drugs and medical devices with unprecedented accuracy, getting products to market faster in women's health and reducing time and costs and drug development.
Morgan Stanton: Imagine a world where research and development finally reflects the true conditions of female human biology. Imagine developing a drug for women in 5 years instead of 10.
Morgan Stanton: That's the future we're creating at opal therapeutics.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: A minute! 23.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, it felt long.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So 2 things, one, it felt long.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You can steal a couple of seconds from this. If you make your video a couple of seconds shorter like there's a little bit of wiggle room. Not a lot, but
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The other thing is, I think you have
Troy Henikoff (he/him): an opportunity to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): stick the landing again
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in a different way.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I would come back to the deep blue sea analogy
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that was so great, like the open ocean. You know the like, you know the unexplored, the deep blue sea. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know what the right thing is, but I would reference it. Think back to the Rotific pitch, where, he said, you know, we're gonna make
Troy Henikoff (he/him): drivers more efficient. What we won't do is forbid them from making left hand turns, and it reminded you of his opening right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): there's something about the deep blue sea, or your other alternative is, I think you said, what 92% of drug trails fail.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, you know. Imagine, come with us
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to a world
Troy Henikoff (he/him): where 92% of drug trials are successful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right? Again, reminding them of something earlier, one of those 2. I don't think you can get both the deep blue sea and the 92, but like I'd love to see you tie it back to something in the beginning. And so that because that was such a great opening.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): did you guys like her or her opening give me a thumbs up if you liked her opening.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I had no idea where you're going with it. I'm like, Oh, damn right!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it will be memorable.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But you're also gonna have to cut some words. And by the way, you did have some words that were fluff, they sounded good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But they didn't necessarily add
Troy Henikoff (he/him): something to it. Right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you you'll have to go through this and be like, okay, that's kind of fluff. If I took those words out. It has the same meaning. That's kind of fluff. If I took those words out, it has the same meaning, it will actually be more impactful if it is more meaningfully dense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Then, if it has the same meaning and takes longer to say right, it'll be more more punchy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So it's really hard to do, but that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): that's probably your biggest job is to figure out what you what, what's the fluff? What can you take out and not meaningfully change the message
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you might be able to take out entire sentences.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, that sentence is nice, but it doesn't really add that much to the story. I can take it out
Troy Henikoff (he/him): alright. Great.
Morgan Stanton: Thank you.
Morgan Stanton: Who's that?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Next.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Aren't you ready.
George Reed - Noetic: Yup. Hello! Hey, Troy! Thanks for this.
George Reed - Noetic: So my goal is to with the pitch first.st
George Reed - Noetic: I'm talking to clients, not investors in this whole pitch. Video Q. And a.
George Reed - Noetic: Because I feel like investors will sort of get the vibe. It's all good. So
George Reed - Noetic: so I want to
George Reed - Noetic: lay out the problem. And then so clients will resonate with that. And then in the video, show them how.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Time out. What am I gonna say, team.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What did he just say?
Florence Ettlin: What was the.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, I want, okay, so sorry. Sorry I want to.
George Reed - Noetic: I want to show you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Specific.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, I want to show that.
George Reed - Noetic: So basically, it boils down to normally when I'm doing consumer research. If I don't have time to run a big project. I'll go with my gut, and that leads to a lot of failure. But I want to show that instead of doing that now, you can use noetic. So you can
George Reed - Noetic: remove, remove that risk. And yeah, does that make sense and then show them in the video how technically that works like a demo.
George Reed - Noetic: Is that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Your objective wasn't clear enough to me.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay. Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Try again.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay. So objective is to speak to clients
George Reed - Noetic: and have them resonate with the problem of I don't have time to run a big project.
George Reed - Noetic: and so that often leads to huge failures in like products. And I could lose my job. So I'm feeling that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You said you used a bunch of. I'm going to push you again. You used a bunch of generic terms. Speak to clients. I have no idea clients. The last time I had a client I was writing software for them right projects. The last time I had a project I was doing some Bitcoin mining. Are you doing Bitcoin mining
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? That's what came to mind when I said project right? So be specific in your use of language.
George Reed - Noetic: Got you? Okay? So.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Are you speaking to.
George Reed - Noetic: I said. I'm speaking to consumer insight teams running.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Nice.
George Reed - Noetic: Surveys.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right who run qualitative surveys, and when they don't have enough time they think they don't have enough time. No.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): they tend to go with their gut. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): which leads to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a lot of errors. So how do you solve that problem?
George Reed - Noetic: So I'll show it in the in the demo video. But we
George Reed - Noetic: we offer them a
George Reed - Noetic: a bottom up like instant right? Real time conversation with their consumer so that they can yeah, instantly gather feedback without needing to design a survey and launch it.
George Reed - Noetic: Does that make sense.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Maybe maybe I need to see the video. Let's hear the pitch.
George Reed - Noetic: All right, cool, cool. Read it out. Okay, so does anyone in the audience remember when 2 of the world's largest consumer brands Coke and Pepsi took a bet on natural sodas, Coke life and Pepsi. True.
George Reed - Noetic: there's a reason why most of us don't, and both were 100 million dollar failures.
George Reed - Noetic: And how about Hollywood's short form streaming service quibi, which imploded in its 1st month after burning through nearly 2 billion dollars? If only they'd known their consumers well enough to avoid these mistakes. I'm George, founder of Noetic, and for consumer insight teams who need fast and accurate research, we enable an ongoing bottom up and collaborative conversation with their consumers before the product launches before millions are invested and before career ending mistakes are made.
George Reed - Noetic: Imagine if Coke had a super low friction way to know that natural soda would be rejected, or if Quibi had understood that viewers don't want short form, Hollywood content. Nobody could have saved them billions without democratized, consumer-directed research. Let me show you how it works.
Lilliana Robinson: 50 cents.
George Reed - Noetic: To the video.
Lilliana Robinson: 5 0.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I like the fact that you opened with examples, and you and you tied back to them in the end. I thought that was very good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I do not like the words you used in the opening. Does anybody remember.
George Reed - Noetic: You know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It's very awkward. Wait! Am I supposed to raise my hand? Am I supposed to like? What am I supposed to do
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so? I would open with a statement.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And maybe you say something like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): There have been
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a myriad of 1 billion dollar marketing mistakes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Most people don't even remember them.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Coke, natural and Pepsi free, or whatever you said, spent 2 billion dollars marketing a product that today nobody, really, nobody has any recollection of.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Quimby built, you know, spent 2 billion dollars and blew up within less than less than 4 weeks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): These are expensive mistakes, consumer insight teams. If they had known they could have blah blah blah like I would, I'd just be a little bit more assertive and positive on them as opposed to asking a question. It's it's very difficult to open with a question.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Because you don't know how people are gonna respond.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And literally there, there are a lot of people who want to answer questions. How many of you have ever heard of, you know? Raise your hand.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and it's just awkward because you don't know how the how the audience is going to respond. You weren't asking them to raise their hand, but it still was. I felt, that awkward moment when I was listening. Am I supposed to, so I would be affirmative.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, I could just say, like some of you may remember, maybe instead of asking a question, that kind of.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Sure you could say that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then you could tie it back and say.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but most of you don't.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah and when you do that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): There's an interesting psychological thing. So I don't remember that thing about Pepsi and Coke at all. I don't know. When did that happen? By the way.
George Reed - Noetic: It was like 2010, 2012.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I have.
George Reed - Noetic: I was trying to use more recent ones. Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, yeah, I'm not a soda drinker, but I have no recollection of it. But that's okay. Because what you just did, if you say some of you may remember when Pepsi free and Coke natural whatever came out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but and they spent billions of dollars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): if you remember it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you think oh, cool. I remember that, of course. Yeah, I'm cool. I I got that I'm in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and then you say, but most of you don't.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And for the people like me who don't. You're like, oh, okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm normal.
George Reed - Noetic: No.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Like, I'm not insulted anymore. Right? So you kinda you hit both sides and both sides will feel good. The people who do remember it will feel exceptional. The others will feel normal. It's totally okay. It's not awkward.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): yeah. And then I like the fact that you tied it back.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And then, hopefully, you're gonna demo how this is gonna work. I'm a little skeptical right now, which is good because I'm gonna pay attention. How does this thing work. How could they have known that short form.
George Reed - Noetic: Like make.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, that short form video wasn't gonna work.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If you can prove to me that they should have known short form video wasn't gonna work, and they could have. And then the 1st question in your QA. Could be
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so. Wait a minute, George. If this had existed, you could have saved. Whoever the studio was, Disney, whatever it was, you could have saved Disney 2 billion dollars, you know. Like, yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like, think about that as an opening opening question.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): some version of that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): cool.
George Reed - Noetic: Thanks, trey.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Cool. Yeah, I like it.
Lilliana Robinson: I think this came from last time you were here. I think you ha had said something about New Coke.
George Reed - Noetic: From your feedback. Exactly. Yeah, like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, no new. And I know that new Coke was very old, and most of you don't remember it.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah. And you said, Gatorade. But yeah, I was trying to. Gatorade doesn't have that. Many flops. Actually, surprisingly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Oh, okay.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: cool. Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, thank you. George.
Lilliana Robinson: Next is
Lilliana Robinson: tutor. Me?
Nicholas Li: Hi, we're gonna do pitch first.st And in video our pitch, we wanna introduce what Internet.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Everybody so far has done pitch, then, video.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And that's okay. You can do that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): if you want to stand out.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Maybe somebody should do video 1st and then pitch. It's harder.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But for the right company it makes sense, Liliana. In each of the last couple of cohorts we've had like one or 2 that have done it that way right.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it's only been one or 2, and Neil made it clear. I think he kind of scared everyone. He's like, you have to have a really good reason to do that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you definitely do. But anyway, I'm just saying, All right. Sorry, Nicholas, go ahead.
Nicholas Li: No worries. Yeah. So for the pitch, we want to start off with introducing what international baccalaureate is and give context to like. Why these students are stressed because it's not that popular in America. With the video, we wanna visually highlight the stress of the students. We're thinking of like a side by side, and showing, like the difference between having and not having this product, and what
Nicholas Li: receiving, like immediate feedback, and do for the student in terms of giving them clarity and like confidence for the Q. And a. We want to go more deep into, like the business side stuff to answer some of the common concerns we've heard so far, including questions about like being a AI rapper or our plans beyond Ib.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): again on your objective, I would make it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): bigger.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I might say something like
Troy Henikoff (he/him): in the pitch. We want to introduce people to the concept of Ib
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and hopefully get them to see
Troy Henikoff (he/him): how big a deal it is, and be shocked that they didn't know about it. If they didn't
Troy Henikoff (he/him): congratulate themselves if they did.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and
Troy Henikoff (he/him): at the same time show them how stressful it is for the student
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like I, wanna, I wanna have a bigger purpose than just. I want to tell them about. Ib.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right? I want that like it'd be cool if people walked away from that thinking, damn my school should have an ib.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Why didn't my kids do that
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm just trying to get you to think bigger.
Lilliana Robinson: No, that's really. And adding to that, one of the main reasons that you were a standout in the investment committee to get in here was because a few of the people resonated because they said, Ib, is the reason I am like where I am today.
Lilliana Robinson: So the people who did go through it. It's emotional.
Nicholas Li: Okay.
Nicholas Li: Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It very much is, yeah.
Nicholas Li: Oh, yeah, the pitch. Imagine getting accepted to your dream university celebrating with family and friends only to have that acceptance revoked months later for international baccalaureate students worldwide, applying to universities outside of North America this nightmare is reality. One failed. Exam and your conditional offer disappears.
Nicholas Li: Growing up in Hong Kong. I lived this pressure, my Imperial college dream hinged entirely on passing a grueling set of final exams. Like thousands of Ib students, I had tutors, but they couldn't be there at 11 Pm. When I was stuck on a practice problem questioning if I was good enough. My name is Nicholas Lee, and I built tutor me for students who struggled the same way I did.
Nicholas Li: Tutorme is a platform designed to work alongside educators, giving Ib students the 24 7 support they so desperately need. We're not replacing traditional tutoring. We're filling the gap between tutoring and school where students feel the most vulnerable and alone. Students no longer have to scout the Internet for pirated practice exams, watch the same Youtube video for hours on end or peer review each other's papers. Instead, they use, Tutorme, ending those late night moments of panic and self-doubt
Nicholas Li: should.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Did you ever tell me how tutor me works like I'm assuming it's some kind of an AI Chat body.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, we were thinking of like doing the product demo in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Demo.
Nicholas Li: Product in the video, like.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I understand. But this whole time I'm like, is this an army of tutors?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Is this videos? What is it.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, it is what you said. The AI
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. So so you have an opportunity here with a couple words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So you tell your story, Hong Kong blah blah. And then you say
Troy Henikoff (he/him): with Tutor, me's AI chat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Whatever you got to get a phrase, a catchphrase that's really quick
Troy Henikoff (he/him): with tutor. Me's
Troy Henikoff (he/him): AI driven
Troy Henikoff (he/him): interactive
Troy Henikoff (he/him): tutoring
Troy Henikoff (he/him): students can get as much tutoring as they want whenever they want, wherever they want. Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! You know we adapt.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, the agent automatically adapts to the tone of the student learns from each individual student and delivers custom curriculum.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It makes students more successful.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like, I just, I think there's something you have to do to describe it, because otherwise I'm going through this thing, and I'm like, is it AI? He didn't say AI. He would have said AI if it was AI, so I don't know what the hell it is. It was literally what was going through my head.
Nicholas Li: Is there anything you can recommend to cut because we're already short on time? And I did speak a bit too quickly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): yeah, you have to. You have to be more judicious with your words.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): there wasn't, I mean.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): E.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): The the process of cutting out words is one where you literally have to go through the script and look at it and be like, Oh, that's extraneous! That's extraneous, that's extraneous. It's sort of like editing someone's letter. I can't. I don't have them all in my head right now.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but yeah, no, I don't. I think you're close enough that you're gonna be able to do that. And you're gonna have to add a few words. But you're not gonna have to add that much.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But think about what are the bullet points you're trying to make.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and anything that is not making those 3 bullet points or 2 bullet points should be removed.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it will fail. Scary for you
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to remove them. It will feel much better for everybody listening to have a more concise pitch.
Nicholas Li: Okay, that's great advice. Thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And
Troy Henikoff (he/him): what was your opening line? It was sort of a question, wasn't it?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I was gonna.
Nicholas Li: Imagine getting
Nicholas Li: sorry.
Lilliana Robinson: I was. I was gonna also talk about the opener. I don't know if Troy you can help Nick like say it more emotionally like it's supposed to be like kind of a gut wrench. You can say it, Nick.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, it was. Imagine getting into the school of.
Nicholas Li: Imagine getting accepted university celebrating blah blah, and then that offer can be revoked. If you fail, your exam.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Alright. I don't know if you have time to do this, I'm gonna make it up. I don't. What's the date that people get University acceptance, like March 15th or April first, st or something in the Us. March 15.th So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): March 15th in the Us. Is the day that every High School Senior knows what university they're going to go to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the rest of the world. It's not that way.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You may get accepted on March 15, th but if you don't pass that final exam. Your application is revoked.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Talk about pressure.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): No senioritis there.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Boom! Boom!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, and then you can go into.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know, using the ib, whatever.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like, there's an opportunity to do a compare and contrast.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And and maybe it's not as visceral to you, because you went to school in high school in Hong Kong. But
Troy Henikoff (he/him): literally here, you know, what happens is senior year of high school. Once you get accepted, once you're in, you're like, I'm coasting, but I don't. Even as long as I don't fail anything, I'm good.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And so we call it senioritis.
Nicholas Li: Okay, yeah, that's really helpful. I'll play around with the word to see where I can figure that in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Nicholas Li: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I think that's way better than the opener you gave. So I would watch this recording back and try and deliver it, and you have to deliver it in the same way Troy did, where it's like with emotion, because when you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): There's.
Lilliana Robinson: 1st time it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, there's that part, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): March 15.th It's the day that every senior in in the United States knows if they're going to college where they're going.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and senioritis sinks in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): not where I went to school in Hong Kong with international baccalaureate.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Sure, we got in, but we had to pass that exam in June.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It was pressure. It was hard we were nervous. I don't know.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, and using the word revoked like that dream school acceptance could be revoked. And then, just like pause for dramatic effect, it'll grab everyone's attention for the rest of the 6 min like that investment in that opener like, and really saying it correctly, will get everybody to watch all the way till the end, which is really great.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah. Revoked is a a harsh
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a harsh word. It's great. It'll get people's attention. I love that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: But the whole thing needed some more intonation. It was kind of monotone.
Lilliana Robinson: the whole thing, and you need more pauses.
Nicholas Li: Got it. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Okay, let's move on to looney. 8.
Lilliana Robinson: Dominique.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Hi! Hi! Troy! Thank you for this opportunity.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Hello!
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Hi, it's always helpful to hear everyone's pictures and feedback. So in terms of objectives, so specifically for the pitch, we are looking for
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: financial firms. More specifically, wealth managers who are looking to improve their marketing with the objective to reach the next Gen. Of investors. So that would either be people in the audience, or at least the audience being excited. That hey? I know someone in my network that could really benefit from looneyate. And
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: this is awesome. I'm going to introduce them. So it's really to get follow up meetings.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: In terms of the
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: demo video. Which I'm now thinking earlier when you said about the demo. We we've not written it in that way, but now I'm thinking whether to show it first.st But I'll visit that latter? But the demo video really shows the how like, what are we building? What is the solution? How does this work? And then the QA. We really want to focus on.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Again, I want to get back to the objective. If what you're doing is showing the how your objective is to gain credibility, that we can actually deliver on the promise we set up right. Think about it from the perspective of the audience.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: yep.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: right? And this is recorded. But I really like that's really helpful yeah it's the it's the credibility absolutely and then segwaying into the QA. This is really the proof point. So we want to focus on the fact that we pivoted in techstars. You know, we were live a month before Demo Day last week we closed our 1st customer. We're hoping to have that week on week growth until demo day. So that's really talking about the proof and the fact that the pain is there, and we're the right people to solve it.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: So that's how we're thinking about the 3 elements together.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right. Let's hear it.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Okay.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Alright.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: We're currently in the greatest wealth transfer of all time. Millennials are set to inherit 90 trillion dollars in the Us. Alone.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: with 8 out of 10 millennials seeking professional financial advice online. This presents a massive opportunity for wealth managers.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: but over 50% of financial firms are archaic. They are held back by outdated systems and lengthy compliance approval processes. This makes it really difficult for marketing teams to effectively reach this millennial audience
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: as the former global head at the world's largest wealth manager. I saw this problem firsthand, and it cost my firm millions of dollars.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Firms must provide digital content at scale to connect and engage with this next Gen. Audience. And that's why we've built looneyate an AI powered platform that automates the creation and distribution of compliant sentiment driven content to help those financial marketing leaders reach the millennial investor.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I'm Dominique, CEO, and co-founder of looneyate. Let me show you how we're helping financial firms capture their share of the 90 million wealth, transfer.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I really like it at at the end you said 90 million, and I think you meant 90 trillion.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yeah, he wasn't supposed to be that. But, thanks.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Stop.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Give me!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I was listening for the 90 I was listening for, how you were. Gonna tie it in a bow and tie it back to your opening, and you did a beautiful job.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You just have to get the 1 million thing out of there. But no, I think it's great. I I have
Troy Henikoff (he/him): enough of a
Troy Henikoff (he/him): from listening to that. I have enough of a idea in my head of what you're doing.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but I don't know all the details like, I know you're doing some marketing stuff. I know it's a driven. It's probably specific, like to channel or to person. I don't know how granular you get, and you're gonna help these archaic
Troy Henikoff (he/him): wealth managers actually reach out and get get a piece of the action like it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Tell me more. My reaction to that was, I can't wait to see the video.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Which is a really good reaction, right
Troy Henikoff (he/him): like that was my reaction to your pitch was, I want to see the video. I want to see how this works.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Okay, that's.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it was good.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: To do that first.st So thank you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, no, I think it was great. It was it. You had all of the elements, you, and even the the little bit like when you introduce yourself. The 1st time I knew this problem myself, because I was the head of marketing for the largest global wealth manager or whatever in the world like you added a few words that made it made you so sound so credible.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Where were you? What firm was it.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: At Ubs.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, you might want to throw ubs in there instead of largest global, whatever it's up to you. Ubs is obviously a very credible name. Everybody knows of it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It doesn't feel, you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): when you said largest global. It felt like, Oh, maybe she's fighting what one like, you know, being more transparent, but I loved it. I thought it was great.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Thank you. Well, that's thanks to your feedback from last time. So I'm glad it's improved. But definitely on ubs, I I actually removed it, because I didn't know whether everybody would know
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: cause I was one. But I guess the people that need to know
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: no.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Investors know ubs.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): a hundred percent.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I can. Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah, I mean, it's not a they don't advertise heavily. I don't know that your millennials will know it. The people who are potential investors in your company all know it.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Got it.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): And if you said, and if you maybe you're redundant, maybe you say the largest global
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): wealth management firm ubs.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yep.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Then you kind of have both.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yeah, okay, perfect. I'll add it back in. Thank you so much. Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think it's great. How many do we have left? Liliana?
Lilliana Robinson: Just one
Lilliana Robinson: cogniscope.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, I think, just let.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Do it.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So. So we are starting with a pitch emphasizing the problem with a real life crisis case and our value proposition. And then the video will show.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That was.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Cogniscope.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Did he miss?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): What did he miss.
George Reed - Noetic: Who.
Lilliana Robinson: Hey! George!
George Reed - Noetic: I just said, Is he? Who's he helping.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, what?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You said, we're gonna we're gonna start with the problem. But you don't tell me what the problem is
Troy Henikoff (he/him): person to do.
Lilliana Robinson: Do this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Be specific.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay, I I will start with the real life crisis that Sony had and lost.
Çoruh | CogniScope: like 300 over 300,000 people
Çoruh | CogniScope: within a single decision
Çoruh | CogniScope: emphasizing the problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay? So I still don't know what the problem is.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right? So you're gonna start with a real life example where Sony, a major brand.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Did? What.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Major Brand published a minor update.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and because of that 6, they lost 65% of their community in a month.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Like a software update.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, like, they changed how you log into the game.
Çoruh | CogniScope: basically. And people were pissed.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And they left like 300,000 reviewed in 4 days.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and they their game got delisted on a hundred 70 countries, and people get their refunds.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay. So I'm gonna start with
Troy Henikoff (he/him): an example of where a major game publisher had a flaw in their quality control.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): published an update that lost them a 3rd of their revenue and user base.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Right? So I'm getting down to the nitty, gritty game publisher quality control flaw
Troy Henikoff (he/him): cost them billions of dollars awesome. Now I got that part. What's next?
Çoruh | CogniScope: The next is our value proposition, how we can change it, what we do. And then the video will show a use case.
Çoruh | CogniScope: how actually cogniscope operates like, how do we actually do?
Çoruh | CogniScope: How do we actually delivered our value proposition?
Çoruh | CogniScope: And then I'll answer the market and our difference and our vision in the Q&A section.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay, and again.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and I don't know why I keep having to repeat this. But in the second piece
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it's not about. I'll show you how we deliver. It's I will build credibility that we can deliver the thing that we said. We're gonna do, or I will leave the audience with confidence that we are the right ones, that we thought this through, that we have the right solution, right? It's about the audience. It's not about your pushing. I'm gonna tell them
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it's about their perception is they have confidence in you. Right? This is a subtle thing. But I mean literally 3 quarters of you didn't say this.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I feel like I've said this for 3 quarters of you like. Think about what emotion you want to evoke in your audience.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and if you're tied into that. And you're thinking about it. You're going to be much more likely to actually get it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): right. And that's what's gonna actually get you to where you want to be on Demo Day. All right, let's hear it.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Sony's game, Helldivers. 2 lost 65% of their community within a month.
Çoruh | CogniScope: due to a minor login update that triggered 300,000 negative reviews.
Çoruh | CogniScope: By the time Sony figured out the problem it was just too late. Players had already lost trust and moved on
Çoruh | CogniScope: my co-founders, and I saw this issue right away, and even reached out with our concerns about data, privacy, and game progress. But our feedback was drowned in a flood of frustrated comments.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Helldivers 2 is just one example.
Çoruh | CogniScope: This year alone, over 1 billion dollars gaining investment evaporated simply because studios didn't fully understand their communities. And some studios even had to shut down.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Remember, when Facebook revealed it could predict relationship breakups before the people involved even knew
Çoruh | CogniScope: at cogniscope, we do that for gaming companies.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Our psychology driven AI dive deep into community channels to help studios truly understand their players and catch issues before they escalate.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I'm choru. And with cogniscope, we help studios create games that players genuinely love by uncovering the why behind the what
Çoruh | CogniScope: studios can quantify their decisions to see the impact on the community making it easier to make smarter choices in today's world of community-driven games. Delving in the player's mind isn't just helpful, but it's essential. Cogniscope makes sure that
Çoruh | CogniScope: gamers feel hurt, empowers developer with smarter decisions, and gives publishers more confidence in their investments.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 min 35 seconds. So you have to cut it down.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It felt long. So
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I see that you tried to pull in the the Facebook example we talked about last time.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think you I think you can tie those loose ends together
Troy Henikoff (he/him): much more quickly and much more strongly.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You know you could say, you know, for years Facebook has said that they know when 2 people are going to break up before they do by looking at the interaction in their in their chat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We know when
Troy Henikoff (he/him): customers of games or gamers are gonna abandon a game long before they do by looking at the interaction in their chat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We are bringing that kind of AI to
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to bear whatever blah blah blah like. I would. I.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Wouldn't.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): That parallel, and you can cut out a lot of your other words and tighten it up a lot.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): okay, submit.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Should I cut down.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): If I'm right, you're you have nothing to do with quality control. You're just monitoring chat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Okay. So then I think the the opening
Troy Henikoff (he/him): let me think about something for a second. What if you said something like this?
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We all make mistakes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we don't all recover from them. Well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Sony made a mistake in its gaming platform.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): had an error in the login that cost them 65% of their multi-billion dollar user base because they didn't recover. Well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): they should have known
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the discord was wild with chat about it
Troy Henikoff (he/him): the minute it was released. But it took Sony over a month to correct the problem.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Had they had cogniscope they would have known about it the minute the 1st comment was posted
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and save billions of dollars.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We monitor chat to get the sentiment analysis of what's going on with a with a Gamers user base.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We have the artificial intelligence to learn.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I'm I know I'm going down too many threads
Troy Henikoff (he/him): But then you could bring in the Facebook thing. I don't know how you transition to it. But you could bring in the Facebook thing Facebook has said for years. They know when people are going to break up by the chat before they do.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): We know when gamers are going to leave a platform before they do by their chat.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we're we're exposing this technology. We're using this technology to expose these insights to the to the game publishers so that they can be smarter
Troy Henikoff (he/him): so that they can recover well, so that they won't make the fatal mistakes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Let me show you how it works.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Does that feel better? Yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I think the value proposition part was too long. We we can just like cut it in.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yes.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I really like the idea of. We all make mistakes.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but we're judged by how well we recover from them. I believe that in my heart right.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Sony made a simple mistake. They had a bad login.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): It cost them billions of dollars and 65% of their user base. They didn't recover. Well.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): it was out in the public for over a month before they fixed the bug.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Had they had cogniscope
Troy Henikoff (he/him): we would have fixed it, we would have notified them in minutes, giving them the opportunity
Troy Henikoff (he/him): to recover gracefully.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I don't know.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I can work on that.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): All right. It's up to you again.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I think we're done, Liliana, right.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): You all like you feel free to plagiarize as much as you want.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): This has all been recorded.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): but make sure that you're delivering something that you believe in your heart that is is authentic to you, that you can deliver with passion.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): and that you believe in. And you're gonna get more feedback from other folks. And they are, gonna you know, this is almost like mentor madness. You're gonna be told to go left, right up, down, forward, backward. You have to understand the why
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I tried to focus on the why with a lot of you, right? I kept hammering on you.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): you know. Define the problem, define it more clearly. Tell me this like, what are your objectives? Because if you understand the why, then you can decide which. Why is better, for you
Troy Henikoff (he/him): don't just take feedback. Someone says, Go, left. Someone says, Go right. You're like, what should I do? Go left or right. You have to understand why they said, go left! Why, they said, Go right and do what's right for you
Troy Henikoff (he/him): all right
Troy Henikoff (he/him): any last minute. Questions.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): I am going to be there in person, so I'm expecting great things out of all of you. I've got my plane ticket. I'm coming in on Friday morning.
Lilliana Robinson: Yay!
Troy Henikoff (he/him): So I'm excited to see it.
Lilliana Robinson: Great news. Okay, thanks so much, Troy. I think we'll see you in 2 weeks for one final pass, so I can't wait for you to see where these get. They should be pretty finalized at that point. Troy's not gonna give you like.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm not gonna.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Try to change them. I'm going to try to help you on delivery.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly. Alright!
Lilliana Robinson: Great thanks again for your time, Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Be well, take care, everybody.
George Reed - Noetic: Thanks. Troy.
Troy Henikoff (he/him): Bye.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Thank you. Bye.
Lilliana Robinson: Bye, okay, see? You guys, later.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Hi! Thanks. Liliana.